The Truth
You
Let it in my world
Like it's your little toy
You were gone in my head
And you hide from my head
And you turn it from the first bullet sight
You're the master of war
You
Like dreams of old you lying they see
Whole war can be won, you want me to believe
Where I see through your eyes and I see through your brain
Like I see through the water that's rockin' my train
Like I see through the water and runnin' down my train
You're the best in all triggers for the others to fire
And you sit back and watch while the death count gets higher
You hide in your mansion while the young people fly
Through the good body to be prepared
You're the best in the world
Welcome back y'all, you're listening to Thought Crime Live on Republic Broadcasting Network
This is our two of Thought Crime Live for February the 3rd, 2024
Well, time sure is flyin' and I'm joined today by Dr. Jonathan Cooey
J.J. Cooey of gigaombiological.com
And we've just been comin' thought crimes here
Talkin' a lot about the biology and the cyop that was known as COVID
And let me turn it back to you, sir
I've already gotten a lot of feedback from people saying
You should be a regular guest and I knew that they would feel that way
I've learned a great deal from following your stream
And if you guys have a question for J.J. too
Let me toss this out to y'all
If you would like to have a question, it's 512-248-8252
We will take callers this hour
Yes, sir, please go ahead
So I would like to just put a shout out there
For people not only to look for gigaombiological
And join my streams and listen to my broadcast
But I would like you to try and locate someone by the name of Jessica Hockett
And locate someone by the name of Mark Koolack
Who streams under the name Mark Hewson-Tonic Live on YouTube
He recently lost his main channel because he covers some of the very same stuff that I cover
Some of these people are better at seeing this elephant from other sides
Another person that I'd really like your viewers to become familiar with
Is a guy by the name of Denny D-E-N-I-S
Denny Rancor
He is a Canadian, used to be a physicist and professor of physics
But lost his job after an extended battle over free speech with the faculty
He won that case eventually
And so now he's just kind of a free thinker
And he has done a lot of analysis on all-cause mortality
So just for your viewers out there real quick
Run through all-cause mortality is just what it sounds like
All the people that have died every year
In America, it might be a surprise to some people that between 2,700,000 and 3,000,000 Americans die every year
Which is somewhere between 50 and 65,000 Americans every week, every year, all the time
And so when they were telling us that there were 1,000 people dying of COVID
And giving us no context in which to process that number
Sounds like a slaughter bath, but if they had told you that every week in America
We expect between 55 and 65,000 Americans to pass away from all causes
Then it would be into a context that you might better be able to understand
Now imagine if they had taken this and said that every year we lose about 15,000 people to unexplained pneumonia
And we save about another 50,000 people from unexplained pneumonia every year
And the way we do it is broad spectrum antibiotics and some steroids if it goes nuts
And we stopped doing that and the deaths from secondary pneumonia went up as high as triple
They've ever been in the last two decades
And so there are some fundamental aspects of how the medicine was executed
How medicine was changed at the start of the pandemic that has been confounded as evidence of a spreading pathogen
When really it feels a lot more in retrospect like it was evidence of some spreading bad ideas
I very, very well put someone wanted me to ask did you think there was any link with the 5G and they spread it all
I mean that some people have speculated on that too, they just wanted your opinion on that
Well, I mean the 5G at the beginning of the pandemic was used more as a distraction
And so I can tell you that there were quite a few people that I was interacting with at the beginning of the pandemic
Behind the scenes that were insistent that one of the ways that the Chinese government or whoever was attacking us
With this novel pathogen was going to work against us was going to confuse people by saying that the rollout of 5G was actually what they were doing
And that this whole Covid thing was a cover up and so it's interesting that 5G was one of these major narratives that was tied into the beginning
But then also the brass packs on the ground is that in a lot of places around the world they were indeed rolling out 5G towers at the start of the Covid pandemic
So it is not something that can be discounted but what you need to see as a passive or casual viewer of this very interesting time in history
Is to see how aggressively the issue of 5G, its technology, its potential danger for your children was completely confounded with the presence of a pathogen
And so instead of legitimately questioning whether or not these high powered towers should be near residential areas
We were instead arguing about whether 5G was capable of interacting with some nanoparticle that they may or may not have released
And so by having us get into these very vigorous discussions and these very limited debates that have nothing to do with reality
We have neither effectively questioned the spread of a novel pathogen nor have we effectively questioned the safety of 5G
And 5 years later we're still asking the wrong questions about both of these issues
And we have yet to question or hold the pharmaceutical companies liable for the vaccine
So you know I wish I had never been vaccinated and I was bamboozled into taking something to the H1N1 scyop
You know I was damaged by those and pharmaceuticals harmed me
I mean that's a whole other subject but I'm so much better without big pharma
That's not beneficial to humans, I can't believe people are still buying into that
And it's killing people I care about, you were talking about some people maybe have to be left behind or whatever
That breaks my heart sometimes, I know that this thing is daunting
And we have to talk to the kids, you mentioned that too
Let me, we have some caller already, let me get the caller's question here
Patrick and Texas, Patrick you have a question for Jonathan
I do, I think the doctor's gonna be a great asset for our people
There's a Rockefeller all-pathic medicine
Even before Rockefeller it was corrupt
They were always, they would not do what the Indians did
They used steaming tents, natural remedies were very effective
Ten times more effective than the point that they were feeding the people
Except for mercury and stuff like that
But you know, the thing about it is like
There's a 5G, there's so sensitive, there's a study where there's a classroom
Where all the kids came down with leukemia or vast majority of them
And they found out that they were not opening the windows and letting sunlight come in
And it was all about the light, they weren't getting, we're so sensitive
Just a simple thing is light, a full spectrum of light
Can lead to an outbreak of leukemia
What about 5G? What's that gonna do to us?
It's gonna give us all brain tumors, I don't know
But you know, I think, you know
Is this a Rockefeller all-pathic medicine that's sparked this?
Or is it what the corrupts before this?
Or why are all the doctors so complicit?
It's a good question, you know
Part of it has to do with the way that they're educated
I think a large fraction of it has to do with the way that they're educated
I mean, if you talk to the average medical school graduate now
You're gonna find that they may not even have a real immunology class
They certainly don't have a vaccinology class, even though we've heard for the last three years
That there are all these people that call themselves vaccinologists
I don't know where they learn their trade or what school they trained in
Because it seems like a moniker that you just claim when you're on this train
Where you think that vaccines are great
And I don't necessarily have the receipts to say that it goes right back to the Rockefeller family
But I don't think that anyone would argue with the idea that the Rockefeller's fundamentally changed
The way that medicine existed in the United States
By using weaponized piles of money to influence the way that medicine was taught
And influence the foundational principles of medicine to
Rather than looking at the patient as a whole
And trying to decide what they're doing wrong
That you could bring them back to well-being
You try to think of something that you can give them that comes from your product line
And again, this was, you know, what do we do with all these chemicals that we get from the oil industry
What do we do with all this extra stuff that we have and we're finding
They realized that this could all be products
If we could be convinced that these things were had medicinal value
So I don't want to discard the callers
I mean, he's definitely right that they have a seminal role in this
But I also want to caution everybody listening to not think that it's as simple as the Rockefellers
Because the Rockefellers is actually a pretty mainstream answer to this problem
And I want to encourage everybody that any of these
So, you know, right in front of your face answers to this problem are likely to be incorrect
Or at least incorrect enough so that we're not going to get the touchdown that we want
By saying it was the Rockefellers
We've got to go against, we've got to go first of all
We need to make sure that we isolate live people and people that are currently
At the heads of these weaponized piles of money
Because that's really what it is
We're dealing with piles of money that are so big that governments have to listen to them
And that is the unseen force that's working in the background
I don't know who or what their names are
But I do know that there are piles of money that are so big
That they can influence individuals and influence whole governments
And that's where this whole problem lies
Because we think as people that watch TV
That the way that we excise ourselves from this situation
Is to elect the right people
But if all of the people that we are allowed to elect
Are already under the auspices of these large piles of money
Then we are electing nobody and we are never really going to get out of this
Terrific answer, Ned
Thank you for your call, Patrick
Yeah, I'll point, I say that you can vote for the puppets
But you never get to vote for the puppeteer
That's well put, sir
Next up we have Sherry in Kansas
Sherry, thank you very much for the call
Do we have Sherry?
Um, Jay Jay, I'll tell you up front
I'm more of a trained, scary type person than germ theory
But, and I do believe that it's a lot of people just don't
Detoxify because of all the crap they're putting in
But, and then crap in our environment
But, I've heard people say that if you're talking like
The number of shelves you have in our skin sheet
That a lot more of them are not considered our DNA
But we couldn't live without them
And so, when you talk about the 5G and all this
This wireless energy in our environment
I mean, it's got to be infecting stuff that keeps us healthy
Like those little bacteria and everything in our microbiome
With their active denial systems
We know they can cause people to crap
And they can cause people to change emotions
They can be infecting that stuff too
I was going to wait to finish there
I completely agree
The terrain and germ theory debate is actually another one of these
You know, one side wins, the other side loses kind of thing
If you fight for one of those as being the dominant theory
Then you're not really fighting for the middle ground there
Which is really what we should be fighting for
I agree totally with your assessment
And I would have gone there already with the previous caller
In the sense of saying that
The United States as a culture
Unfortunately, the masses
The TV watching masses are not taking care of themselves
And they haven't taken care of themselves for 20 years
Because the food hasn't been available
The culture tells them to sit on their couch and watch TV
And being overweight and unhealthy has become just what Americans are
And this is a fundamental thing that gets ignored
Every time that these people go to the doctor's office
The doctor doesn't start with
Well, if you wouldn't have mistreated your body for the last 25 years
We wouldn't be here
And so maybe we should reverse some of those habits that are
That brought you to this stage
They are just looking for the product that they should give out
The product that they should sell
The product they should prescribe
And so these issues I think can't be underestimated
And so if you can teach the children
And teach young people that
That just by watching the amount of crap
Comes into their body
Just by drinking clean water
Just by maintaining as you said
The microbes in their gut
The microbes on their skin
And not using antibiotics all the time
Not using products that disrupt the microbiome
We, as you said, understand that a diverse and well-functioning microbiome
Results in well-being
In the sense of less depression
It results in more energy
It results in better health
It results in lower weight
All of these things
And we can't underestimate how the American culture with processed foods
It's kind of making it almost a requirement
If you're going to consume these products
Then you're going to have a microbiome
And you're going to have an immune system
That is necessarily compromised
If you expose your skin to these cosmetics
That have these untested or unproven chemicals
In them over years
Then you're going to develop immune abnormalities
You're going to develop digestive and metabolic abnormalities
That cannot be explained by our understanding of a healthy body
And they cannot be explained by our understanding of how pharmaceuticals work
Or don't work because we are not
At starting at the foundation
Which is what have you done to your sacred biology
To set it out of balance
And how long have you been doing those things
And those are questions that we don't ask
And I'm assuming or hoping that
That's really the kind of point you want to make
And I totally agree
Yes sir, it does
That was the park again
With your guest
Thanks Sherry, hey
We'll be right back after the break y'all
Thanks for the call Sherry
Be right back folks
I'm marching
Outside my window in the rain
I play checkers
I'm sick of checkers
I'm sick of pain
Outside my window in the rain
I play checkers
I'm sick of checkers
I'm sick of pain
Outside my window in the rain
I'm sick of checkers
I'm sick of pain
Mondays every Monday
I see my hall of wine
I like pain with
My name is John
I'm the founder of Blackout Coffee
And I started Blackout
Because I really love coffee
I've always loved coffee
And after traveling so much to Europe, South America
In trying so many different coffees
They were so good
And every time I came back to the US
I was so disappointed with the coffee
So I figured that I had to do something about it
The biggest difference is
Really is on the beans
And the roasting process
How we roast it
And I'll fresh it in
The fresh of the roast, the bed of the quality
Here I have like all of the coffee
It's roasted within one to two days
Prior to being shipped
So it literally gets to consumers' house
Within three to five days after being roasted
If you like coffee
You have to try ours
It's fresh roasted
It's one of the best beans that we can get
And you will definitely see the difference
This is Blackout Coffee.com
Use the coupon code REPUB10
That's REPUB10
Do you truly want to stay out of the system?
Are you prepared to buy into the biggest scam
Since the Iraqi Denar?
If not, then put your money where it belongs
In your possession
Not in the hands of an international MLM cartel
At Kettle Marine Limited
We will provide you with the finest
Swiss minted detachable gram sheets
Of pure 24 karat gold for hundreds of dollars less
Than the so-called privately issued credit cards
With elusive gold backing
Gold backing
The only gold that I want
Is in my back pocket
Not backed by promises of an operation
Even the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
Is suspect of
Giving a rating of C-minus
To get the full story
Visit serum MadrePreciousMedals.com
And go to the Valkombe Bullion Vault
Once you have read the whole story about the scam
Being perpetrated on an unsuspecting public
And how you can avoid being a victim
By purchasing these beautiful,
Barterable, tradable sheets of gold
At tremendous savings
And in the strictest of privacy
Be prepared to take the steps
Protect your wealth
At the purchase of the real deal
Detachable 50 gram gold bars
From Kettle Marine Limited
By calling 602-799-8214
Ask about our one-ounce
Valkombe Detachable Bars
Which break into one-tenth ounce bars
And don't forget
For all of your precious metal needs
Whether buying or having the need to sell
Call Kettle Marine Limited
Remember
No Denar, no Celery
And no Carrots
If you buy from someone else
Tell them you want AU
Not BS
Call Kettle Marine LPD
Today at 602-799-8214
Kettle Marine LPD
602-799-8214
Kettle Marine Limited
By calling 802-799-8
Trying to be the run of Gibraltar
Standing will break in the wind
I hope it ain't great my step don't fall tight
I'd rather be breathing
Than something I've been
You won't have me like
Jonathan Siegel
He tried to find
All his way
Ain't no need to be born
He lift up your voices
It's time you should say
It's a great life
If you know we can
If you're trying to be strong
Turn your head and face the season
Right the wind before it's gone
Oh it's the sound of the river
And welcome back y'all
Welcome back y'all
You're listening to Fall Crime Live
On Republic Broadcasting Network
I'm Steven Douglas White
And your host
I really appreciate you joining me
We were talking to Sherry in Kansas
And I appreciate those
Work kind work Sherry
This man has taught me a lot
That I've followed his
Streams on Giga on biological
And in response to something that you said
You could see the result of me getting rid of big pharma
And trying to readjust
I think it might be on my page in R.B.M.
But if you go to my Facebook
Or Twitter
The Facebook page has
The pictures of how I looked
The day I started on R.B.
I was sitting on a little red ball
I sat at Target
And two years later
So I made a lot of changes
And I try to
I'm not trying to brag about it
So much I feel like it's
Kind of prideful
I say that sometimes
But I won't encourage anybody
That thinks they can't make changes
In themselves
Look I did this
You can do it too
You know people
Inspired me to try
And you guys, R.B.M.
Was like a family to me too
You know it just
Knowing that people were listening
Really had an effect on me
I want to thank all the listeners
For that too
And ask you please
Keep R.B.M. and keep these
Conversations going too
And with that
Let me go to the next caller
We have Bill and Kentucky
Thanks for calling Bill
Hey, good talk to you again
Stephen, talk to you
A couple nights
You're in Blackburn
One thing that you have changed
To besides
Look like you're a better health
And lost a lot of weight
And everything
You got a lot more hair
You got more like
Robert Planter
Well, I am that long-haired
Country boy, that's true
You have a question for J.J. Sir?
Yes, I do.
I very much do.
What do you know about
That I keep hearing about
The Z-X or pandemic
Or epidemic eggs
Do you have any inkling
Or what that may be
Or is that just a rumor or a
What?
Bill, unfortunately
Disease X was a
Generic term for the
Next pandemic
And it was already in use
I believe the first time
Really in 2018
And it is something that
In these circles
Of bureaucrats and
Government operatives
It means the next pandemic
And so
They're recycling this term
And they have never used it
At the W.E.F.
Until this year
And so I do really think
That this is a media campaign
To give you
More reinforcing ideas
That there is another
Pandemic coming
And it's very likely to come
And so they have to have
This plan for disease X
And the idea is to imply
That there are a number
Of different possibilities
And that's why they call it
Disease X. I don't at all
Believe that this is a threat
To our children or to us
But I do believe that there are
Ways using lies
And using other biotechnology
That they could fool us
Into believing that there was
A disease X
And so that's the kind of
That's the kind of biology
I'm trying to teach
And trying to get everybody
To understand that
There are tools
There are molecular
Biological tools and signals
That could be used
And misconstrued as spread
And whether or not they did
That this time is up for grabs
Because it's a criminal
Investigation or at least it
Should be so I don't have
The answers
But whether they could use it
The next time is without a
Doubt certain
They could definitely use
The biology that I've
Described to create the
Next illusion of a pandemic
And I don't think this time
They'll fool around
I don't think this time they
Will go
Use any half measures
And that's what I'm most
Afraid about
So if we can get our children
To understand this mythology
Before they pull that alarm
It would be really great
So that's what disease X is
In a nutshell
So thanks for the call
One of the things I want to say
This is not a guarantee
I'll never get it or anything
But I'm so far missed
Having the
You know, having COVID
I've had that
I think 50 milligrams
Everyday vitamin C
Well, we're coming up
On the break, sir.
I'm sorry to interrupt you
Can you hold on to the
After the break?
Oh, no, that's okay.
I'll just go on.
Thanks for the call, sir.
Appreciate you listening, sir.
Thanks for the call.
I always appreciate your input.
Be right back, folks.
In its high, oh, hey
I am a white destroyer
Or I will show you silver and gold
And I will bring you treasure
I will wave a widowing flag
And I will be your lover
And I will show you grotto
And cave and cypher of fish all over
And I will show you
I want the truth!
You can't handle the truth!
You're listening to
Republic Broadcasting Network
Real news, real talk, real people
Because you can handle the truth!
People often write to tell us
What has happened for them since
Starting Extendivite?
Allow me to read a few.
After taking Extendivite for about six months
I've noticed improvement on the numbness of my hands and wrists
From the carpal tunnel syndrome
I will continue to buy product.
This formula is very powerful.
I am feeling much better.
My heart rate and blood pressure is stabilized
My lower edema has reduced
And lower leg pain due to blood clots has disappeared
This product has relieved what appears to be an angina problem
Pain in the chest after climbing stairs
And short on breath
I'm quite happy about it
To order, call 1-877-928-8822
Or visit Extendivite.com
That's X-T-E-N-D-O-V-I-T-E.com
Extend your life with Extendivite
Hey there!
Are you gonna wait till the cows come home
To get your new ease-off drop and lift?
But in the world is an ease-off drop and lift
Our ease-off is a new tool to increase production
For your meat processing company
That will get that whole hog
Or half a beef on or off your rail
With our remote control
That sounds great, but can I afford it?
Sure, and the ease-off installs fast
The effortless operation will reduce fatigue,
Speed up your line, and increase profits
Okay, I'm convinced, where can I get my ease-off?
Go to ease-off.com
That's E-A-Z-E-O-F-F.com
And hurry because we're offering free shipping for a limited time
With ease-off.com
We make pigs fly
Cows 2
E-Z-O-F-L-C-417-932-6419
Find your inner rebel at Dixie Republic,
The world's largest Confederate store
Located in Traveler's Rest, South Carolina
The anti-white, anti-Christ, anti-Southern world
Ends at the asphalt
Welcome to God's country
Log on to dixierepublic.com to view our southern merchandise
From flags, to t-shirts, to artwork
At the store, browse through our extensive collection
Of belt buckles, and have a custom-made
Leather belt handcrafted in our Johnny Red's gun and leather shop
That's dixierepublic.com
Where you can meet all of your southern needs
Support those that support the network
Support Dixie Republic at dixierepublic.com
Email ProudSouthern123 at gmail.com
And let them know that RBN sent you
To the sea star
People say, well I'm no good
I'm crazy, I have to live
Shocking stone in the moment
I get drunk in the afternoon
Trying to lock me off
And lock me off to the town
And lock me around in the shade
And I ain't got no money
But the damn show got it made
I ain't asking nobody for nothing
If I can't get it on my own
If you don't lock the way I'm living
Just leave the throne here
Took the poor alone
Welcome back y'all
You're listening to
Thought crime live on Republic broadcast
The network got a lot of GG
And I just caught it
Echo there somehow
I don't know why that happened
But
Am I coming?
Yeah, it's still okay, now it's gone
Thanks, I don't know what that was
Sorry folks, I had a little echo
But listen, thanks for joining me
I'm joined by Jonathan
Dr. Jonathan Cooey, JJ Cooey
And I want to let you give your
Sight out again for all the listeners
I'm sure that they would like to know that
And also I wanted to mention to the folks
In your stream that
If they've never listened to RBN before
Last, I wanted to recommend that last Saturday
I had a show
All was on Mike Gaddy's
Rebel Madman radio show
We had the USS Liberty survivors
And any of y'all have not heard that yet
It was last Saturday
You can find it in the archives
I wanted to recommend that
Very much to anyone who hasn't heard it
Let me let you give your information
Again, too, sir
My name is Jonathan Cooey
You can find me at
GigaOMbiological.com
GigaOM is kind of a hard thing to spell
It's G-I-G-A-O-H-M
It is a lot of homes
Not to be confused with Giga
What was it?
Giga Watts, which was on
Back to the future
They needed to get 1.21 Giga Watts
In order to go back to the future
This is GigaOM, which is resistance
And it's a term that came from
When I was a biologist
And so I liked being a biologist
And this was my way of reminding myself
That I once was an
Academician and no longer am
So GigaOMbiological.com
Thanks, Steve
Okay, thanks
And next up we have Art in Georgia
Art, thanks very much for the call, sir
Well, you kind of threw a monkey wrench
In there on me, because that's exactly
What I was calling in about
Was people in the chat room were asking
What the name was in the website
But since she's already got that out of the way
I will ask, there's another question
In the chat room
And that's, for those that might be
Interesting, interested
Thoughtcrimelive.chattango.com
C-H-A-T-A-M-G-O
And it's an anonymous
participant
Who wants to know if
Colloidal Silver does any good
Like to support healthy guts?
My long and short
My short answer should really be
I don't know
Colloidal Silver
Sounds like something that
Might
Yeah, I don't know, that doesn't sound like
Something that I would necessarily use
To augment my gut bacteria
I would really concentrate on
Using fermented foods
So sauerkraut, yogurt, fermented vegetables
This kind of thing is where you're going
From my understanding is much better than
Trying to use any kind of inert substance
To augment those microbes
I think you should feed them
Not sweet them, I think you should feed them
Just feed them
That's what I do, I do a lot of
Kimchi and kombucha
I think that's probably very, very good
I agree, I like the fermented foods
And I can tell you my experience
With the Colloidal Silver
Back when I used to suffer
All the time from sinus infections
Constantly, I would snort some
Of the Colloidal Silver
But, you know, it never
It may help me breathe a little short-term
But it or kill some of those bacteria up there
But it threw the whole biome off
Until I stopped trying to intervene
And tried to cure the problem
I would like to just piggyback on that
Because the last couple of callers have brought it up
And I think we should all
You know, really reconsider
The importance that we attribute
To the health of our guts
And this is also something
That I'm learning now over the last couple of years
This is not something that I was preaching
Pre 2022
But I have come to understand
And in fact, you can look at the YouTube channel
That I was running back in the day
That I did a bike ride
That was actually about a study
Where they did an anatomical tracing
Of neurons from the gut
And they traced these neurons
All the way back to
All kinds of different places in the brain
So essentially the anatomy of a monkey
If you look at the
Connectivity between brain regions
And the gut, the connectivity with the gut
Is absolutely extraordinary
Much more than what
Traditional cartoons
Of how the human body works
In grade school would describe it
And in fact, not only is the nervous system
And the central nervous system
Intimately connected to the gut
But then you have this immune system
That is working with tolerance
In the gut
As a sort of symphony
Between a neurological
Modulation of the gut processes
And also an immunological
Modulation of the gut process
So if you think about the fact
That your brain and your immune system
Are working in concert
Decide what comes in and what doesn't
And what you utilize
And what you don't utilize
And you have summarized like
80% of all that it means to be human
And you're talking only about
Your brain, your immune system
And the microbiome of your gut
And yet somewhere
On the TV, COVID has always been
About the virus and about antibodies
Which have nothing to do with the
Well-being and health of humans
It's the Scooby-Doo
Deversed deception
And yes, I agree completely
Hey, thanks very much
And yeah, hello Chad, I really
Appreciate you guys
I don't always
Sometimes my wife will get it
But I can't follow it
Usually while I'm talking, I'm walking
And talking, so I check it afterwards
But thanks very much for calling in
And giving that
And next up, I have a fellow
RBN host, Mr. William Rapillum
Hi, William, thanks for the call, sir
Oh, yeah, hi, Steven
Yeah, and hi, JJ
I agree with so much of what you say
And I want to, you know, first
Give my respects to
This show and, you know, everything
That's being discussed
I wanted to address
Something, though, I just want to ask you
About, are you familiar with
Dr. Steph on Lanka
And how they get bumped
I have virology all together
Yeah, using the cell culture
And he did the cell culture
Experiment where he didn't use
And he spewed them from a sick person
Got the exact same result
And then, okay, and then
You know, I just, I didn't hear that
Kind of talked about here
I don't know, you mentioned
Being sort of more in the centrist
On the German theory
Versus terrain theory
And I didn't really understand
Why you took that position
There, I mean, I'm just
I'm trying to go
After the truth, whatever that is
I don't really have any
I can take it from there
I think it's a really
Important question because
I don't want anyone
Listening to think that I think
That Steph and Lanka himself
Is a looney tune, I think he's
He's a real grandfather in this
Fight against this mythology
And he was around back when
You know, AIDS and these kinds of
Things were the feature of this
Mythology. What I want to stress
To you and everyone else with
This question is that
There is a very big danger
In
In suggesting that
All previous biology
With regard to viruses is
Is fake
Is very different than being
Wrong and versus fake
And I think that a lot, and I
Not saying that Steph and
But I am saying that there
Are other nefarious actors
Who have adopted the flag of
No virus and then taken
It to a logical extreme
Which is now as divorced
From biological reality
As the model of again a function
Virus that can accurately
Transcribe itself for five
Years straight. There are both
At this stage, there are people
Representing both sides of that
Equation in a ridiculous sense
The reason why
The no virus in the extreme
Is ridiculous is because
It discounts, often discounts
The idea that there are viruses
At all. And we know
And I assure you that
Even Steph and Lanka knows
That there are viruses that
Carry genetic signals between
Bacteria. There are viruses
That carry genetic signals
Between plankton and the ocean
There are genetic signals that
Carry genetic signals between
The roots of trees
And the
The rhizomes
Of the fungi that are
Symbiotic with them in the soil
So we know there are virus
Particles that are released in the
Brain that take RNA from one
Neuron to another. There are
Indogenous viruses that are
Responsible for moving pieces of
RNA between our gamete
Chromosomes and actually
Moving over the
Reassortment of genes that gives
Us all of the variation in our
Children is actually modulated
By endogenous viruses
So we understand that these
Signals exist, we understand
That they're there, but what has
Been identified by these no
Virus people is the idea that
These signals are
Responsible for disease and they
Are not. But remember, that's
Different that's saying
That's exactly and so I want you
Can I jump in?
Sure.
Okay, so this is
I don't know who you're speaking
Of the things that no virus
But I listen to Dr. Tom Cowan
I listen to Dr. Andrew Kaufman
And then there's a lot of
People in their camp
That is like a couple from
Mark and Sam Bailey
And they have been asking the
People that are saying that
To come to the table
And debate them and
You know, there have been a
Couple of attempts and they've
Absolutely failed because
Their basis on their science
Is based on
A computer model
They don't even use the
Cell culture anymore to
Organically produce an actual
Genome that is
That is subject to new
A pathogen
Representation.
Can I interrupt here because
I really want you to understand
That I'm not arguing
Let me just
Compound that I did
Understand what you said, okay
You're talking about
Viruses now if we were to
Find what is a virus, right?
Do we agree that it's a
Strand of either RNA or DNA that's
Wrapped in a lipid coat
That's the same definition of what
A virus is and then the other
Question I would pose on that
Is that not an exosome?
Well, okay, so
You're putting questions
And I love the questions, but
I really wanted to interrupt
You because I need to make
An important point here and that
Is that when I was still
A consultant for
Robert F Kennedy Jr. I reached
Out on behalf of CHD
With these no-virus people
Very specifically about the idea
That RNA virology
Is a hoax
And that actually RNA virology
Is based on a bedrock
Methodology
Of RNA clones
So they find sequences in the
Wild, they make a lot of
DNA and then they convert
That DNA to RNA and then that
RNA will cause
A psychopathic effects
That RNA will cause an
Immune reaction in an animal
If you inject it in their nose
That RNA will cause a
Sequencing reaction that's
Highly robust in a cell culture
And so all of the illusion
Of RNA virology can be created
Using laboratory-proven
Bench techniques for
DNA manufacture and
RNA manufacture and I reached out
To the no-virus people
Two years ago
To try and explain to them
That virology could use
RNA infectious clones
To lie about RNA virology
As a field
And they chose
To do one thing and one thing
Only and that is to discredit
Me, to call me a liar
And to try to get me fired
They didn't reach out and say
Oh, let's hear more about
How it is that everybody
I'm talking about Tom Cowan
I'm talking about Alex Zeck
And I'm talking about the two
Bailies, all of them
I reached out to the Bailies
In 2020 and they told me
They couldn't do an interview
Because she was having a baby
And then after that it was over
No one would talk to me
The moment they reach out
And say, wow, it's interesting
That you've been trying to say
That RNA infectious clones
When we tried to ruin
Your family's life last year
That's what I would like
Because I got myself fired
Twice already for fighting through
This biology and twice I've tried
To reach out to them to find
Out what they're saying and they
Have ignored me and instead
Tried to ask me and that's
Unfortunate because I want to
Make a bridge here
I'm dubious about this
Because I've been listening to
Trying to get somebody to come to the table
Every once in a while, somebody will
But you're saying that they've taken you
And they've swept you under the rug
And covered you up
You can watch the video
There's a video with all five of them
Accepting me and when they address me
They insult me and they say that
Clones are imaginary
And I'm actually arguing that
Viruses are imaginary and they use
Clones to create the illusion
And they're ignoring me
Why would they ignore that?
What do they do?
What do these clones actually do?
They create the molecular signal
That they say is impossible
Which is a high fidelity RNA signal
That can be sequenced using PCR
And using Sanger sequencing
Which they say is an illusion
But it's not in the context of clones
It's always been an illusion in the context
Of these stupid bats
But it's not an illusion when it comes to making
DNA on a bench
They've been able to make DNA on a bench
At high fidelity for 20 years
And so the fact that they've told you
That we found this genetic signal
It suggests that they could just put it there
And I've been arguing that from the beginning
But it's not just that they're lying
About their being viruses
It's they're lying about the fidelity of this signal
And they placed it there
And told you it's viruses
I'm trying to help them
And they won't listen
Okay, so they're not saying this
Obviously, because they don't
They don't purport that viruses cause disease
Or are pathogenic
Or that they actually
They don't have a discussion
About how the illusion is created
They just want me to argue about isolation
Well, let me ask you
And I've already admitted that they can't do that
So let's have a discussion about
What RNA clones are
Let's have a discussion about what all these papers are
And they won't
Okay, well, let me
Let me ask you something
Let me ask you this, okay, so
You have this lipid-coded
DNA sequence
And it's claimed
By mainstream science that
What happens is that DNA sequence
Will get into the cell by all the cell
You know machinery and it will
Bind to the other DNA sequences
Not cell machinery and in fact
In fact
And then actually start
Then it would start replicating
But by itself, it's totally inert
Having a host of hours
And hours every night
Telling people that this is a lie
That this is not true
That it's not possible for a cell to do something
That it doesn't already do
It's like saying that you can take a cuckoo clock
And make it to make toast
You can't do that
You can make a cuckoo clock
Ding at the wrong time
And you can make it read the wrong time
But you can't make it make toast
And a virus cannot make a cell
It's like you're jacking the machinery of exosomes
Which is something I've also been saying
For three-three
Yes, thank you
Listen, what I heard you explain
Was that this
virology
The cart was before the horse
That exosomal biology
Should have been the basis of virology
Instead of the other way around
Of course it's been
Of course, of course
Because they're purporting to analyze
A signal that is predominated
dominated at this size scale by signals that are endogenous.
And instead, people like Nathan Wolf and all of others
have convinced us that at this size scale,
the only thing that exists are viral pathogens.
There's no endogenous communication.
There's no signaling here.
It's just all viruses.
And this is the lie.
This is the lie.
OK, let me try to understand.
So you have to jump on to.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I don't want to interrupt you.
I've got a couple more callers with what I really appreciate.
I hope that the doctor will return people.
I've got to look people would love to hear this again.
More of this, I think, JJ, let me bring that up
before we run out of time.
I'm available every Saturday that you are, my friend.
Terrific.
And hey, can you stay with?
Can you take the callers to?
Is that cool?
Can you stay?
Yeah, if you can, we've got two more callers here.
If you want to hang out, is that cool?
If we're trying to get to them before I go,
it's Bob in Utah, first Bob.
Thanks very much for the call.
You have a quick question for AJ.
AJ.
Yeah, good job, William.
You've covered most of what we expected.
I want to ask about the infectious clones.
What exactly is the process by which these are synthesized
or created in the lab?
So it's a pretty standard technique
that they're trying to give Ralph Berwick extra credit
for having developed.
But in reality, molecular biology on the bench
has been creating DNA sequences from scratch
and cutting them into pieces and getting them
to stick together again in the ways
that they would like them to do.
That's how all molecular biology and academia is done.
And so what they've done with coronaviruses is really weird,
because when they find coronaviruses before the pandemic,
they find a signal of RNA, a signal,
meaning that they can hear some noise on a radio
or they can find the signs
of somebody having been in a garage,
but they don't have the person.
They haven't caught the intruder.
They've just found a sign.
And from that sign, they can report
to recreate the whole intruder.
And so from this perspective,
what they're doing usually before the pandemic
was they were looking for a particularly conserved gene,
only about 300 base pairs long.
And if they-
Looking at-
In a bat, in a bat anus, in people's lungs,
in whatever, in some kind of sample,
they're looking for an RNA signal,
which they can use PCR to find.
But that does not mean that that signal
is specific for something,
but they claimed it was.
Now, they've been telling us a story that if they look with PCR,
they can also find other genes present in these bats.
But for some reason, when they put this into culture,
it never grows.
So the way that they have overcome this problem is by assembling what they call a synthetic
coronavirus genome.
Now, is this a real thing?
You're going to have to argue with these scientists about it.
If they claim to have found these genes in the wild, and if they assemble these genes
using synthetic DNA, then they can create some of the effects of viruses in cell culture
and in animals.
So what I'm telling you is that for the last 15 years, coronavirus biology is based on
one RNA signals that they claim to find in the wild, and two-
Okay, that's about in the lab.
Now, hello.
There's the plasma.
Yes, go ahead with, yes.
So they find this sequence in the wild, and they create a DNA copy of it.
Now, the reason why that's important is because the RNA signal, like a cake, can't just be
put back in the oven, and then you pull out two cakes, and then put the cake in the oven
to get you pull out three cakes.
RNA doesn't work that way, but DNA is like a recipe.
I can make an eye-
Yeah, I know about...
I'm suggesting to you is that unlike virology, where you can't grow a lot of a virus, if
I wanted to make a lot of the SARS-CoV-2 sequence, I could make a lot of it, I could
make a truckload of it, and then I could spread it out in different bottles, and I could spill
it in different countries.
Okay, okay.
Here's my question.
Are they paying with one giant long, we're forward and first primer, a long distance
apart?
Oh, that's the point.
The point you cannot.
In order to find this sequence in the wild, they need 100 different primer pairs, which
makes it possible for 100 different error signals, 100 different false positives to result in
this.
Okay.
Look, we found this sequence.
You say clone, they're being 100 different sections of it over and over.
When I say clone, they are making a pure RNA, and they are telling you that that pure RNA
is natural.
That's what I'm saying, and it's not.
It would be like saying, we're going to make a million uniforms for an NBA team, and then
we're going to say that's evidence that this NBA team is popular.
That's not how this works.
I don't want to argue with you because I know you've had a rough time.
And you've changed your views a lot.
I want to talk to the other people out there.
If there are no real contagious viruses in reality, I'm sorry to cut you off, Bob.
We were coming up on the end of the show, and I apologize to Brian in Washington.
But listen, I really want to thank you again for joining me.
Terrific show.
I hope you'll join me again on RBN.
Some of the other hosts may won't invite you on too, because you know what you're talking
about your real fault criminal and inspire me very much.
One more time as we go out, give folks your information, sir.
My name is Jonathan Cooe.
You can find me at gigahomebiological.com, G-I-G-A-O-H-M, biological.com.
And you can also find me on Twitch with the same name, gigahome, biological.
It's a channel.
Unfortunately, Twitch isn't the best platform, but that's where to find me for now.
And you can look me up on my website.
Thank you very much, Steve, for having me.
Great.
Thanks very much.
And RBN, remember, a thought crime of day helps keep tyranny at bay.
Y'all be good to each other.
Nice.
Are you one of the millions of people who feel
like there is a dark cloud hanging over their heads whenever they're using pharmaceutical
drugs?
For some, the short term relief can turn into an opioid addiction nightmare.
Have you ever wondered why CBD oil is a billion dollar industry?
It's because it works better than opioids and is actually healthy for you.
However, CBD oil is stripped of all other helpful compounds found in the hemp plants.
According to neuroscientists, the whole hemp plant, otherwise known as hemp paste, is
even more effective than the chemically processed CBD oil.
Are you ready to take back your health?
You can try hemp paste for the price of a cup of coffee.
You're listening to Real Talk Radio, only on the Republic Broadcasting Network.